{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2707
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh14920\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 To implement the given functionality in a scalable way, I have below approaches :\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 User Data Storage (Core Data):
\f0\b0   \
\
Maintain a database to store user information, including their unique identifiers, time zones, last refresh time, and remaining daily likes. Store and manage each user's time zone information. This can be achieved by associating each user with their respective time zone, which is necessary for calculating when to reset their daily likes.\
\

\f1\b Scheduled timer Execution:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
Set up a background job scheduler that runs every minute or so to check if it's time to refresh users' daily likes based on their local time zones. This task will iterate through the user database, check their local time against the scheduled refresh time (12:00 pm), and update their like counts if necessary.
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Daily Like Reset Logic:\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
When the scheduled job determines that it's time for a user's likes to be refreshed, the backend logic needs to reset their daily likes count to 10.
\f1\b \

\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Request Handling:
\f0\b0 \
\
When a user interacts with the system (for example, liking content), the backend needs to check whether the user has any remaining daily likes. If they do,  and  If the user has exhausted their daily likes, the system should respond accordingly (e.g., inform the user that they've used up their likes for the day).\
\
In summary, the scalable backend logic involves managing user data, time zones, scheduled jobs, and interactions. So by above approaches\
We can manage this in scalable scenario.
\f1\b \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 		}